Character Concepts:

Name: Lilia Albone (False Name) 
Real Name: "Daphne" (No last name, will tie into it later and expand soon)
Sex: Female
Physical Characteristics:
Silver, almost dirt white with a hint of blue, short hair (Imagine Anis from NIKKE), crimson-pinkish eye color. Generic anime girl height
Eyes are this lazy yet shart and focused eyes.

Expressions and Character bust dialogue: TBA

Colour scheme:
Crimson / Grey / Diamond Blue / Lilac  / Purple Motifs

Outfit: (will sketch soon) (Probably will keep pre-purge or post purge) (Colour scheme soon?)
Wears a  "cloak" that covers her upper body (pretty frilly and not very restricting)
uses a hairband with a ribbon on the side of her hair
Wears a frilly shirt underneath her "cloak" 
Stockings
 "practical" and "frilly" denim shorts. 
Generic open toe shoes

Side Characters and Others: TBA


Game Mechanics (Combat, Interactions, etc.)

General System:
Karma (Lower = evil, Higher = Good: Certain actions are disabled like killing / robbing / saving at certian karma.
Dictated by the actions you take in a certain region, example: if you currently 
reside in one of the districts ruled by a degenerate "king" your "bad" karma will actually give you more benefits.
Can be upped if you talk to any "Priest" class npc or doing any "Good" choices / Action. 
Can be lowered if you talk to any "Heretical" / "Evil" NPCS, same as the upper conditions. 

Permanent Karma means at a certain routes, choices like killing / saving will be disabled. 
For certain routes you need a amount of permanent / normal karma. 

Sins:
Will show as a stat if you're in the "Evil" routes. 
Dictated by how evil you become, generally, the higher sin you are, the higher your difficulty will be.
It will also lock you into certain routes once you meet the required amounts.
It will be more difficult as pretty much fighting and killing everyone will be your only options. 
(No saving, run away and stuff) (You'll also barely meet any normal enemies and only boss rushes will happen)
(Running away / Mercies are also removed.) 

Put a emphasis that, you're gonna be strong as hell but have to fight a million dudes if you go the "Evil and Solo" Route.



For both systems, items, classes and skills can be upgraded / changed / removed / evolved depending on the stats.

The main system for strength is "Ephitets / Engravings" 

Engravings are items that can store / bestow "titles" to you. (It's what the "Undead" item that was given to you by the black rabbit was.)
it can be affected by both systems and certain events.

The titles can grant passives, appease certain interactins, and allow access to some parts. (Level checks, item and Title checks will be a mechanic)

You gain alot more ephitets / gear if you go the evil routes.


Magic / Sciences / Martial: Affected / Affects where you currently are. Since some parts focus on magic and some only on scienes.

Magic: Uses Mana

Base Elements:
Fire
Earth
Wind
Water

Combined Elements:

Lava / Magma (Fire and Earth)
Storm (Fire and Wind)
Ice (Water and Wind)
Nature (Water and Earth)

Special Elements:
Darkness
Light
Souls  (Adding strenghth, debuffs, buffs, changing forms, etc)
Conjuration (Weapons and stuff)


Sciences: Uses resources (Could be branded as a heretic if you abuse this in some parts)

Base Sciences: EXPAND
Mechanical (Uses fuel and energy) (Very wide ranged.) (Enhancements are here too)
Chemical  (Uses various chemicals to form reactions, can be used to craft items on the go.)
Biological (Only useful in the Evil route / Genuis Scientist route. Mustard gas, and otehr stuff- you name it.)

Special Sciences: Other fields of science (Requires you to learn from advanced mechanical / scientific socities)
Gravity (Common Special Sciences)
Time Manipulation
Atomic Manipulation (Insanely hard to get, OP)
lchemy (Passive, can transmute and change the qualities of stuff, more complex, needs more exp and levels)
MORE TBA

Martial: Needs to go to a dojo and train and stuff (first combat system youll use)

Weapons Branch
Katana (dual / one katana)
Spear
Naginata
Club
Longsword
Zweihander
Fencing Sword (i forgor)
Knives 

Special weapons branch:
Guns
Traps
TBA


MORE TBA

Hand-to-Hand Combat
TBA (Style names and stuff)

Classes / Races: certain classes are locked behind races (Can change with a price only base races tho)

Base Races: Have restricitons on classes depending on what race.
Human 
Animal Hybrid
Cyborg
Undead

Special Races evolution: You have to choose to go down a specific race path.
Angel / Demon : Human
Full transformation : Animal
Hivemind Master : Cyborg
True undead (Hardest Race) : Undead

Classes: Diffirent interactions depending on what you choose.
Knight
Mage (Heretical Scientist, locked in evil route)
Hunter 
Scientist 
Martial Arts Master
Marksman 
Priest (Heretical Scientist, locked in evil route)
Mercenary 

Subclasses:
Knight (Can evolve to head knight)
Mage (Necromancer, Chronomancer, Sorcerer) to get Necromaner you need to be a undead mage. Chronomaster, heretical scientist with advaned sorcery and science.
Sorcerer (Normal Evoluton of Mage)
Hunter (Thief, Assassin, Beast Slayer, High beast Slayer) (thief, assasin are generic alasses, beast and high beast are a special class.)
Scientist (Heretical Priest, High Heretical Priest, Mechanical God, Mad Scientist, Faustian Heretic, Fanatical Genuis) (Take science and magic to get the heretical archetype.)
(Faustian, all magic and scientific fields.) (Fanatical and Mad Scientist, regular progression, has access to other stuff.)
THE REST TBA




















